Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
YOU IDIOTS
SO
AH BOTH AFTERNOON OKAY
WHAT WAS THAT
AGAIN AND THE WHOLE THING AGAIN
CAN'T GET YOUR LINES RIGHT CAN YOU YOU
CAN'T GET YOUR LINES RIGHT
WHY CAN'T YOU GET YOUR HANDS READY
YOU COULD
THIS
UH
THIS IS JACK THIS STORY IS ABOUT
AN ASPIRING ACTOR WHO WANTED TO BECOME
SUCCESSFUL AT ALL COSTS
JACK ACTUALLY WENT TO ONE OF THE BEST
DRAMA SCHOOLS IN LONDON
AND BACK THEN SEEMED LIKE HE'S GOING TO
GO FAR
NOW THAT'S DISGUSTING MATE LITTLE DID HE
KNOW
THAT LIFE IS NOT LIKE A BOX OF
CHOCOLATES
AND THAT IT TAKES MUCH MORE TO BECOME
SUCCESSFUL
THAN JUST THE LUCK THEY SAY
THERE IS ALWAYS SOMETHING OR SOMEBODY
OUT THERE
LOOKING AFTER US I CAN TELL YOU THAT
THIS IS A REAL STORY
BUT PROBABLY YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE ME SO
MAKE YOUR OWN
CONCLUSIONS THAT SAID ENOUGH WAS TALKING
THIS IS HOW IT ALL BEGAN
PISS OFF THIS FILM
WILL CONFUSE YOU SO LET ME TELL YOU
WHAT'S HAPPENING
WE ARE OUT OF BUDGET AT SOME POINT AND
WE COULDN'T DO SPECIAL EFFECTS WE
PLANNED
RIGHT NOW JACK IS READING ON HIS LAPTOP
HOW TO SELL HIS SOUL TO THE DEVIL
BECAUSE VOICES CAME TO HIS HEAD AND TOLD
HIM
OR MAYBE I DID OOPS
OH JACK NOW WHEN YOU LOOK AT PEOPLE LIKE
JACK YOU WONDER SOMETIMES WHAT THE HELL
ARE THEY DOING I MEAN YOU JUST LOOK AT
HIM
HE CANNOT EVEN FOLLOW A SIMPLE
INSTRUCTION FROM THE INTERNET
DOES THAT LOOK LIKE PENTAGRAM TO YOU
JACK
JACK BUT FOR SOME VERY BIZARRE REASON
IT WAS ENOUGH TO SUMMON
HIM
LOOKS LIKE
WHAT HEY JACK
NICE PLACE SHOP HERE SHAME ABOUT THE GUY
DOWNSTAIRS THOUGH ISN'T IT
NOT WORTH TIPPING WHO ARE YOU
I'M AN ANGEL JOKE IS THAT A CODE FOR
RENT BOYS
SO
WHERE YOU GOING JACK
OH
I'M AN ANGEL JACK I JUST SAID YOU
REMEMBER TWO MINUTES AGO
YOU MEAN YOU'RE AN ANGEL
I'M AN ANGEL JUST PREVENT
THIS IF YOU'RE SUCH AN ANGEL
WHY DON'T YOU PROVE IT PROVE TO ME
YOU'RE AN ANGEL
WHEN YOU WERE NINE YOU DISCOVERED YOUR
INNATE FEAR OF CLOWNS
WHEN YOU'RE 11 YOU GOT NERVE DAMAGE IN
YOUR NECK
AND WHEN YOU WERE 16
YOU HAD AN INJURY IN THE BACK OF YOUR
THIGH
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT THAT WAS DURING THE
STUNT THING I WAS WORKING ON A MOVIE
YOU WERE PISSED
BELIEVE ME NOW I KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT
YOU JOKE
EVEN YOU'RE BROWSING DON'T TOUCH THAT
WHAT DO YOU WANT I TOLD YOU
YOU WANT TO CALL THE DEVIL SO YOU'RE SO
THE THE DETAILS ARE BLURRY RIGHT
I DON'T KNOW I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WAS
DOING I WAS JUST I WAS TRYING TO MAKE
OUT ABOUT A DAY
WHEN YOU'RE DOING IT THAT'S WHAT I'M
HERE TO FIX
ALL RIGHT AND FIX ME HOW CAN YOU FIX ME
OKAY MAYBE I WON'T FIX YOU BUT I'LL HELP
YOU FIX IT
OKAY I'LL HELP YOU SUSS UP YOUR PROBLEMS
YOUR
I DON'T KNOW JAKE I'M HERE TO HELP YOU
A LITTLE BIT BEYOND BEYOND HELP ME
BUT BEYOND SAVING AT THIS POINT EVERY
TURN OF MY LIFE HAS BEEN
KNOCK OFF THE KNOCK OFF THE KNOCK TO THE
POINT NOW I CAN'T GET AN AUDITION IN
TELETUBBIES
AH YOU'RE DOING ALL RIGHT
TELL ME JOE
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU DIED TOMORROW
WHAT
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU'D LIKE TOMORROW
WHAT WOULD I DO TODAY WHATEVER YOU SAY
IF YOU HAVE THIS TIME THIS SPACE
WHAT WOULD YOU DO
I DON'T KNOW SELL THIS AND GO TO
PARIS
I'VE BEEN TO PARIS GOT ME SERIOUS
STATUES ARE A BIT INACCURATE WE'RE NOT
ALWAYS NAKED
I'M ALWAYS THIS RUDE I COULD OFFER ME A
TEA OR A COFFEE OR
THAT WAS BROKE SO NO STAINS ANYWAY IT'S
FINE
YOU'VE GOT A JUICE
THAT ALL RIGHT BEAUTIFUL
WELL THEN I CAN'T OFFER YOU ANYTHING SO
ARE YOU GONNA TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT OR
NOT
JACK I'VE TOLD YOU I'M HERE TO HELP YOU
HELP ME THEN
I CAN'T JUST SWITCH SOMETHING IN YOUR
BRAIN JACK
IT'S UP TO YOU ASK ME MY FRIEND
IT'S NOT THAT EASY PLUS I BELIEVE IN
FREE WILL SO
WITH THIS FREE WILL DO YOU RESPECT MY
FREE WILL TELL YOU TO OFF
A BIT RUDE OR SOMETHING
YOU STORMED INTO MY HOUSE YOU'VE DRESSED
UP AS A RED BOY YOU'VE SLEPT IN MY BED
I DON'T KNOW WHAT DISEASES YOU'VE GOT
DISEASES I'M AN
ANGEL I'M ALL WHITE BABY NEGATIVE
NEGATIVE NEGATIVE THE ONLY THING I'M
POSITIVE IN
IS POSITIVITY I DON'T WEAR MY LIFE'S
HEADING
ETERNITY HELPING PEOPLE WHERE'S YOUR
LIFE HEALING JOKE
WHERE DO YOU WANT IT
JAMES GET IT UP FOR HIM WHAT GET THE
DOOR FOR HIM
TRY TO GET HIM OUT WHERE I WANT IT TO BE
IS MY OWN QUIET SPACE RID OF PERVERTED
LITTLE ANGEL BOYS
NOW PLEASE VACATE MY
FACT
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO HELP YOURSELF
I CAN HELP YOU I CAN I'M NOT A GOOD
ACTOR ANYWAY
A BIT MEAN OF HIM WASN'T IT I MEAN OF
ANGEL
TO SHOW UP JUST LIKE THAT UNINVITED
NOW WHAT WOULD YOU DO WHEN SOMEDAY AN
ANGEL JUST
SHOWS UP AT YOUR DOORSTEP I BET YOU'LL
KICK THEM OUT
JUST LIKE JACK BUT SOME OF THEM
ARE VERY PERSISTENT
I HELP MYSELF BY THE WAY
ALL RIGHT YOU'VE GOT YOUR JUICE YOU'VE
HELPED YOURSELF
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME WHY ARE YOU
HERE WHY ARE YOU ANNOYING ME
WHERE IS YOUR LIFE HEADED
A
AS LONG AS YOU PLACE ME ALONE AFTER
BEAUTIFUL
WHERE'S MY LIFE HEADING MY LIFE IS
HEADED
AND GOD DON'T SWEAR I TOLD YOU I CAN'T
I'M GETTING NO JOBS NO ONE'S NO ONE'S
RESPECTING ME NO ONE'S LIKING ME I'M
WAVING PEOPLE ON THE STREET THEY'RE
GIVING ME THE FINGER
EVERYONE'S IGNORING ME SO
I DON'T KNOW WHERE MY LIFE'S I DON'T
KNOW
THAT'S WHY I WENT ONLINE NOT TO LOOK AT
ALL THAT STUFF BUT
I WENT ON TO TRY AND SEE IF I CAN FIND
SOME NEW STUFF AND
I DON'T KNOW THESE WEIRD OUTFITS POPPED
UP I KEPT HEARING THESE LITTLE NOISES
ALL THESE LITTLE VOICES
I THOUGHT IT WAS A LONG SHOT BUT I
THOUGHT IT WOULD
CHANGE THINGS YOU'RE STILL THROUGH WELL
WELL YOU'RE HERE AREN'T YOU CAN'T GET
RID OF YOU
YOU CAN AND YOU WILL
I'LL PROBABLY GET BORED BUT
I DON'T THINK I'M GONNA LEAVE SATISFIED
YOU KNOW WITHOUT HELPING YOU NOT WITHOUT
PUTTING YOU ON THE RIGHT TRACK
JUST WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU
WHAT DO YOU GET WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOUR
ACTING
OH WHAT IS THIS GOING TO MAKE YOU A GOOD
ACTOR NO
BUT YOU ENJOY IT YEAH
I ENJOY HELPING PEOPLE
PLUS I DON'T WANT TO GET KICKED OUT OF
HEAVEN SO KIND OF HAVE TO HELP YOU
I THOUGHT THERE WAS SOMETHING IN IT FOR
YOU
ALL RIGHT JEN LET'S STOP
LET'S START FROM YOUR PAST
WHY DO YOU SACRIFICE I SACRIFICE A LOT
I'M SACRIFICING MY TIME LOOK I DO YOUR
ORANGE JUICE BUT
WHAT HAVE YOU SACRIFICED IN YOUR LIFE
WHETHER YOU'RE PROUD WHETHER IT'S CAUSED
PAIN THAT HAS MADE YOU
THE PERSON YOU ARE TODAY
WELL I GAVE UP A POTENTIAL CAREER IN A
BANK
WHICH MY FATHER SET UP FOR ME
SO THAT'S MY RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM DOWN
THE SWANNY
BROOK YEAH
AND WELL BUT
I WAS WITH SOMEONE I WAS GOING TO GET
MARRIED BUT
YOU KNOW I KEEP HEARING FROM EVERYONE TO
FOLLOW YOUR DREAM AND IF
I DON'T THINK THAT'S GOING TO CORRELATE
WITH
MY RELATIONSHIP THEN UM I HAVE TO
CHOOSE A PRIORITY SO I CHOSE THIS
AND LOOK WHERE THIS HAS GOT ME
YES YOU MADE SACRIFICES RELATIONSHIP
THEY CAN DO BUT IS
THE SACRIFICE OF A SOUL WORTH
THINK ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU'VE EVER
SACRIFICED
AND SACRIFICING YOUR LIFE YOUR ETERNITY
EVERYTHING ELSE WILL BE IN LANE
SACRIFICES MAKE YOU WHO YOU ARE ALL
RIGHT
GIVING UP ALL THE
IT'S NOT WORTH
WELL IT WAS WORTH A SHOT BECAUSE
I FAILED AN AUDITION FOR A NEW
TELETUBBIES
EPISODE AND IF I CAN'T GET A JOB AT THE
WHERE I'M NOT MY FACE ISN'T EVEN BEING
SHOWN
WHERE DOES THAT LEAVE ME SO IF I FIND
SOMETHING STRANGE ONLINE
I THINK IT MIGHT HELP IT'S A LONG SHOT
AS I SAID BUT I THINK IT MIGHT
SO YOU LOOK UP A RITUAL OR
CLICK AN ADVERT I'D RATHER YOU CLICK AN
ESCORT SERVICE
I'LL RATHER YOU DO ANYTHING ELSE I'M
STARTING TO WISH I DID
I WAS THINKING DUDE I WAS LOOKING ONLINE
I WAS LOOKING FOR
NEW ACTING JOBS AND THE THING KEPT
POPPING UP
I CLICKED EXIT POPPED UP AGAIN CLICKED
EXIT
I START HEARING THESE WEIRD LITTLE
THINGS IN MY EAR
RINGING IN LITTLE WEIRD VOICES
AND THEN I PRESS X AGAIN AND THEN IT
JUST IT TAKES OVER MY WHOLE SCREEN I
THOUGHT I HAD A VIRUS LIKE THAT TIME I
WATCHED
SO YOU SET UP ALL THE CANDLES IT'S NOT
WIRELESS
WELL NO IT WAS JUST A YEAH
JACK I DON'T THINK I'M GETTING I DON'T
THINK THE IDEA IS GONE FROM YOUR HEAD I
THINK
I THINK YOU'RE STILL PRETTY SAD I
REMEMBER I KNOW YOU
SO YEAH WELL HOW DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG
HAVE YOU BEEN WATCHING ME
I HAVE TO WATCH OTHER PEOPLE LIKE I
CAN'T WATCH EVERYTHING OKAY
WELL I KNOW ENOUGH
I DON'T KNOW WE SEEM TO KNOW A LOT OF MY
INTERNET BROWSER HISTORY
DIRTY PIG
YES TAKE THIS ONE
WHY HOW ARE YOU
HURRY HEY
COME ON SIT DOWN WHAT'S HAPPENING COLD
CALLERS JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES
FURTHER SWITCHES YEAH
WHY AM I CALLING AROUND THIS TIME
SO IT'S NOT GONNA MIND ALL THE TIME
THE AUDACITY OF SOMEONE HOW DEAD
THAT IS THE SIXTH TIME THIS MONTH
WHAT DO YOU SIT DOWN WHY IS THERE
ANOTHER JEHOVAH'S WITNESS IN MY HOUSE
I'M NOT A JEHOVAH'S WITNESS OKAY THAT
WAS A LIE THAT WAS ONE OF HIS
LINES THAT HE USES JEHOVAH'S WITNESS
LOST CHILD LOOKING FOR A MISSING CAT
THAT WAS LAST WEEK WASN'T IT
SADDAM
MY NAME IS DAVID MOST PEOPLE
CALL ME DEVIL WONDERFUL OH BOY WE'RE
GOING TO BE HERE
IF YOU'RE THE DEVIL
PROVE IT
THIS IS A MISTRESS OF ALL HELL
MISTRESS OF EVIL COOL SUFFERING
BLAH BLAH BLAH THE POWERS ARE A LOT
BETTER THAN YOURS
SHUT UP SORRY WE COULDN'T AFFORD SPECIAL
EFFECTS ARTISTS
SURE NEVERTHELESS
WHY HAVE I GOT TWO FREAKS IN MY FLAT
FREAKS
I DON'T THINK I'M A FREAK SHE IS
I CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS COME ON TODDLER
LET'S FOLLOW HIM
I DON'T WANT EITHER OF YOU HERE ANYMORE
OKAY YOU'VE BEEN ALRIGHT YOU'RE STARTING
TO GET ON MY NOSE A BIT NOW ANYWAY
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU WANT YOU
HAVEN'T EXPLAINED ANYTHING TO ME
YOU'LL GET USED TO WHY ARE YOU HERE
TO HELP WITH WHAT YOU'RE COMPLETELY LOST
I MEAN
YOU TRIED TO SUMMON ME
IS THAT IS THAT CORRECT BECAUSE I
THOUGHT
WHAT IS YOUR SYMBOL I DON'T SUPPOSE IT
LOOKS LIKE A
PENTAGON DOES IT NOT PARTICULARLY
BUT I MEAN SO BECAUSE I'VE DONE A HALF
WHAT IT WORKED I'M HERE YOU SUMMONED ME
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE
I'M HERE WELL I THOUGHT BECAUSE I'VE
DONE A HALF-PAST PENTANGLE THAT'S WHY
I'VE GOT TWO HALF-ASSED SPIRITS COMING
OVER TO ME
OH SPIRITS CALM DOWN
OKAY WE ARE
AS YOU REALLY
LET'S SIT DOWN COME ON LET'S HAVE SOME
FUN
LET'S LET'S TALK ABOUT WHY WE'RE HERE
WHY ARE WE HERE I MEAN WE'RE HERE
BECAUSE OF YOU
SO WHY JOIN US HERE
WHY DID YOU SUMMON ME
I ORIGINALLY PLANNED TO SELL MY SOUL TO
THE DEVIL OH SORRY
DAVID AND
I CAN'T REMEMBER THE REASON WHY
SO OKAY
SO THAT'S IT THAT'S IT LET'S TALK ABOUT
WHAT'S HAPPENED I MEAN
I KNOW ANGEL'S BEEN WATCHING MORE THAN I
HAVE SO
OKAY SO REJECTION
RIGHT YOU'VE BEEN DEALING WITH A LOT OF
REJECTION
YEAH I FAILED AN AUDITION GETTING INTO
THE TELETUBBIES
THAT'S WHY I FELT REJECTED THAT'S WHY I
FELT WORTHLESS
SO THAT'S WHY I MADE THIS LITTLE WOOD
THING AND I'VE ENDED UP TO YOUTUBE
YOU SHOULD NEVER TELL HE TOLD ME NOT
THAT'S PORN
TELL ME WHAT WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT
MOST
I THINK ABOUT MY NEXT SCRIPT I THINK
ABOUT WHAT I'M GOING TO DO NEXT I DON'T
KNOW
I TEND NOT TO THINK ABOUT MY CURRENT
PARTICULAR FAILURES NO YOU SEE
THAT'S WHY I THINK YOU'RE WRONG I DON'T
THINK YOU THINK ABOUT THOSE THINGS
REALLY BECAUSE WHAT WE THINK ABOUT
WE ATTRACT THE LAW OF ATTRACTION
SO PERHAPS
YOU THINK YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT SCRIPTS
MAYBE YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT ACTUALLY
WHERE YOU'RE GOING TO FAIL WITH THE
SCRIPT OR WHERE YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING
TO FALL DOWN
REJECTION RIGHT
WHAT I'M SAYING IS THE THINGS THAT
YOU'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
MAYBE THEY'VE COME TRUE MAYBE THIS IS
FULL
BEING IN YOUR LIVING ROOM OKAY WELL WHAT
I'M TRYING TO SAY IS
MAYBE THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED NOT
US I KNOW YOU DIDN'T THINK OF US BUT
LIKE MAYBE
YOU WANTED AN INTERVENTION
YOU FELT THE NEED FOR SOME CHANGE AM I
RIGHT
I THINK YOU SHOULD TALK SO MUCH
I MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE
SOME DEEP SUBCONSCIOUS DESIRE FOR CHANGE
YET
ALEX ALEX ALICE
YES ALICE YOU'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
ALICE
YOU'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT WHERE IT WENT
WRONG
PERHAPS RIGHT AS I SAID TO THIS WEIRD
LITTLE THING OVER HERE
I I GAVE UP EVERYTHING WITH HER
TO PURSUE AN ACTING CAREER IF YOU CAN
CALL IT A CAREER
AND THEN OBVIOUSLY YOU'VE SEEN HOW
THAT'S TURNED OUT
RIGHT
HOW LONG ARE YOU BEEN ALICE
FOUR YEARS OR SO WOW SOMETHING LIKE THAT
YEAH WELL IT FEELS LIKE A BLOODY LONG
TIME
SORRY
WHAT WHAT DO YOU WHAT DO YOU MISS ABOUT
THIS WHAT WHAT
WHAT MAKES YOU SO ATTRACTED
TO TOXICITY
WE'RE PLANNING TO GET MARRIED RIGHT WELL
SHE WAS AT LEAST EXPECTING ME TO
MAKE THAT SORT OF MOVE I KIND OF KEPT
ALLUDING TO IT BUT THEN
YOU KNOW I WAS ALWAYS WORRIED ABOUT THE
FACT THAT
I WASN'T QUITE READY AND EVENTUALLY I
HAD TO LET HER GO
THAT'S FOUR YEARS DOWN THE DRAIN BECAUSE
I THOUGHT I'D BE GOOD AT THIS
TALK ABOUT OUR BUDDIES JUDGE WHAT
A LITTLE BIT OF YOU
NO I DON'T THINK THAT'S RIGHT
WHY
RIGHT SO NOTHING IS GOING RIGHT FOR YOU
AT THE MOMENT THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK
RIGHT SURELY BUT MAYBE
YOUR LIFE IS JUST TAKING THE DIRECTION
THAT IT NEEDS TO TAKE
HENCE US BEING HERE
YOU HAVE TWO DIRECTIONS IN FRONT OF YOU
YOU HAVE TWO OPTIONS WHAT ONE OPTION AND
ONE STUPID ONE NO
TWO OPTIONS
THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR
ISN'T IT A WAY OUT
THERE'S A THERE'S A THING THAT MAKES ME
WANT TO
ESCAPE ALL OF THIS I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
SUICIDE I MEAN THAT RAVAGES OH I WANT TO
LEAVE ALL THIS
I WANT TO LEAVE ALL THIS BEHIND RIGHT
AND THAT IS EXACTLY WHY I
AM HERE IF YOU'RE THE DEVIL OR
THE DEVIL WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO HELP ME
YOUR WHOLE PURPOSE I SWEAR IN EXISTENCE
IS TO CAUSE PAIN AND MISCHIEF
YOUR SOUL
AND WHAT DO YOU WANT IN EXCHANGE FOR MY
SOUL NO
I WANT YOUR SOUL AND IN EXCHANGE I GIVE
YOU THE LIFE
THAT YOU WANT RIGHT
SEEMS A BIT EASY A BIT BORING ISN'T IT
HOW IS IT BORING HOW IS GETTING
EVERYTHING THAT HE WANTS
BORING IT'S LIKE CHEAP COINS AND IT'S
LIKE A GAME
SORRY WHAT IS YOUR IDEA BECAUSE I
HAVEN'T ACTUALLY HAD ANY GOOD IDEAS
SINCE I GOT HERE I'M NOT BEING FUNNY MAN
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE THE ANGEL AND
SHE'S THE DEVIL
THANK YOU YOU HAVE OFFERED ME SOD ALL IN
THIS WHOLE CONVERSATION
SHE'S ACTUALLY COME HERE AND TRYING TO
GIVE ME SOMETHING POSITIVE TO TO FOLLOW
I'M NOT GOD OKAY I'M NOT CLEARLY NOT
I MEAN GOT BEARD
I AM OFFERING YOU SELF-REFLECTION
SELF-GROWTH THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HE
DOESN'T WANT HE DOESN'T WANT TO LOOK IN
THE MIRROR
HE WANTS TO MOVE PAST THAT HENCE
I'M HERE YEAH BUT WHY WOULD YOU WANT
SOMEONE TO DO IT FOR YOU
WHY WOULD YOU DO IT FOR YOURSELF BECAUSE
HE ALREADY FEELS LIKE HE'S WASTED
FOUR WHOLE YEARS THINK ABOUT HOW GOOD IT
FELT
WHEN YOU GOT INJURED WHEN IT FELT LIKE
NO NO NO WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
UH WHEN YOU GOT INJURED AND YOU STARTED
WALKING
YOU STARTED FEELING NORMAL YOU DID THAT
ALL BY YOURSELF
THERE'S NO PHYSIO NO NOTHING THEY DIDN'T
GIVE ANYTHING TO YOU THEY JUST TAUGHT
YOU HOW TO DO IT THAT'S WHAT I'M HERE
FOR
THINK ABOUT HOW GOOD THAT FEELING IS YOU
DOING IT
YOU GETTING OVER AN OBSTACLE
SO SORRY I'M STILL A BIT CONFUSED WHAT
ARE YOU ACTUALLY OFFERING
I'M OFFERING HIS DREAM LIFE IN EXCHANGE
FOR HIS SOUL
WHAT ARE YOU OFFERING THAT I'M OFFERING
UM I'M OFFERING HIM A WAY OUT OF THAT
STUPID AND
A LIFE WITH HIS SOUL AND HALF THE LIFE
SO BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS AFTER
YOU DIE NOTHING YOU'RE A SOUL NOTHING
NOTHING HAPPENS HE'S LYING YOU ALL LIE
NOTHING HAPPENED WOULD YOU REALLY WANT
TO LIVE FOREVER
LOOK AT US I MEAN LOOK AT OUR HAIR
THAT'S A
THERE'S NOTHING FUN ABOUT LIVING FOREVER
BUT THERE IS A LOT OF FUN OF DOING
EVERYTHING YOU WANT IN A LIFETIME AND
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I'M OFFERING
SO YOU'RE SAYING THAT YOU NOT YOU YOU
CAN GIVE ME
EVERYTHING I WANT THE REMAINDER OF MY
LIFE
IN EXCHANGE FOR A MEASLY MISERABLE
RUN PATHETIC SOUL YES
I CAN GIVE YOU MONEY
AUTHORITY A CAREER
ALICE WHAT DO YOU WANT HER WHAT DO YOU
WANT HER FOR
DO YOU WANT HER TO WALK FOR YOU AS WELL
SHE'S GIVEN ME A PRETTY GOOD LIST OF
REASONS AS TO WHY I WOULD GO FOR HER
OPTION YEAH OF COURSE IN RELATION TO
YOUR COMMENTS ABOUT THE INJURY I'VE HAD
THE INJURY STILL HURTS SO WHATEVER
WAFFLE YOU'RE GOING ON ABOUT ABOUT
GETTING OVER THE OBSTACLES ALL THAT
STUFF IS NOT TRUE
SO YOU SAY YOU'VE BEEN WATCHING ME YOU
CLEARLY HAVE NOT BECAUSE I'M STILL A
ALL RIGHT WHAT DO I HAVE TO OFFER
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO OFFER THIS BLOODY
GOOD QUESTION THAT'S SOMETHING I'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR SINCE YOU ENTERED THIS FLAT
MONEY POWER FAME
WHAT YOU WANT
WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY JACK WHAT ACTUALLY
MAKES YOU HAPPY
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT HAPPY NOW YOU'VE
EARNED MONEY
YEAH YOU'VE HAD IT IN YOUR POCKET YOU'VE
GONE TO A SHOPPING CENTER WHATEVER YOU
LIKE YOU'VE GOT THIS
NICE PLACE IS THAT DOING IT FOR YOU
I MEAN YOU'VE GOT STATUS CLEARLY
YOU CAN GET IN AN AUDITION ROOM
WHAT ACTUALLY MAKES YOU HAPPY
GOOD COMPANY
WHICH I'M REALLY PROUD OF BUT
COMMUNITY SENSE YOU KNOW A SENSE OF
COMPANIONSHIP BELONGING
WHICH I HAVEN'T HAD FOR THE PAST
GOD KNOWS HOW LONG YEAH GOODNESS
HOW'S SHE GONNA GIVE YOU THAT SHE'S
TAKING YOUR SOUL
SHE DOESN'T HAVE GARY'S SOUL FROM DOWN
THE STREET SHE DOESN'T HAVE
ANYONE SHE DOESN'T HAVE ANYTHING SHE'S
GONNA TAKE YOU
YOU SHE'S GOING TO BE IN CHARGE OF YOU
FULL CONTROL OF YOU YOU'RE GOING TO BE A
PUPPET
WITH YOUR FREE WILL COMPANY
LOVE HEALING
ISN'T THAT WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY WHEN YOU
STRIP IT BACK
WHEN YOU REALLY THINK ABOUT IT YOU'VE
HAD EVERYTHING SHE'S OFFERED
BUT I'VE LOST IT SHE CAN GIVE IT BACK
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
IS IT MY MAN'S NAME THE STUPID
DIED
HAVE WE TAKEN HER TOO SHE'S IN HER ROOM
BY THE WAY
SHE'S IN HEAVEN REALLY THAT MEASLY OLD
BAT ISN'T
IS THAT A JOKE WHY ISN'T SHE WITH YOU I
DON'T KNOW I HAVEN'T SEEN DORY
TELL ME DO YOU
THINK YOU NEED A SOUL
DO YOU THINK YOU NEED IT THINK ABOUT THE
BASIS DO YOU THINK
YOU NEED IT
YOU'RE STILL WHOLE WITHOUT IT AREN'T YOU
WE'RE STILL
WHOLE I'M STILL WHOLE
WE HAVE SOULS TAKING YOUR SOUL
WILL ONLY TAKE AWAY THE OPPORTUNITY
OF BEING IMMORTAL BUT I CAN TELL YOU
RIGHT NOW FROM EXPERIENCE IT ISN'T WHAT
IT'S CRACKED UP TO BE
HENCE WHY I'M HERE TRYING TO HELP YOU
I TAKE YOUR SOUL I GIVE YOU
EVERYTHING YOU WANT
BEING IMMORTAL
IS NOT GREAT ALL RIGHT ALL RIGHT IF YOU
KEEP SAYING ABOUT BEING IMMORTAL YOU'RE
NOT GOING TO GO AROUND
PEOPLE'S HOUSES AND DO WHAT WE'RE DOING
ALL RIGHT THAT'S OUR SPECIAL JOB THAT'S
OUR
I KNOW BAGGAGE YEAH I DON'T PARTICULARLY
WANT THAT
WHY IS BEING IMMORTAL SO BAD I WOULD
HAVE RATHER LIVED
ONE LIFETIME FULLY HAPPILY
WITH EVERYTHING I WANTED THEN
OH JUST THIS ENDLESS TIME EVERYTHING YOU
WANTED
THE GREED THE POWER EVERYTHING YOU
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE IN HELL NOW BUT I HAVE
ENDLESS TIMING WHAT I'M TRYING TO SAY IS
I HAVE TIME
AND TIME AND IT WILL NEVER END I'M
GIVING YOU AN END
IT ENDS AND YOU LIVE YOUR
FOREVER IN ONE LIFETIME
WITH EVERYTHING STOP YOU WANT
HE ALWAYS DOES THIS I KNOW HE'S BEEN
DOING THIS IN PSYCHO
I AGREE IS WHAT ENDED
A LITTLE THING CALLED CREATOR
THE EXACT THING YOU'RE SELLING YOUR SOUL
FOR
EXAMPLE I HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT FOREVER
AND YOU WOULDN'T THAT'S YOUR CHOICE
LOOK AT ME I'M HAPPY YOU'RE HERE TONIGHT
REALLY WELL THEN IT'S ALL STUPID
REALLY OKAY I DON'T NEED SOULS
ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH WHAT'S GOD EVER
DONE FOR ME
WHAT WERE YOU DOING GOD DIDN'T DO THAT
WHY
I'M HERE HE DIDN'T SEND ME WHAT IS THAT
GOD DOESN'T LIKE YOU
I'M STILL HERE HIS FAULT
GOD IS THE REASON YOU'RE ALIVE GOD IS
THE REASON YOU HAVE A SOUL IN THE FIRST
PLACE GOD IS THE REASON SHE'S ALIVE
CREATION STARTED FROM NOTHING IT WASN'T
LIKE BIG TIME NOTHING IN THE SKY NOTHING
IT WAS A GOD AND
SHE'S A LIVING PROOF
THAT GOD CAN MISJUDGE
ANYTHING CAN BE CREATED GOOD MAKES THE
FREE WILL GOD GIVES US
THE FREE WILL TO MAKE CHOICES THE FREE
WILL SAY NO
TO SELLING YOUR SOUL SOMEONE WHO
COLLECTS THEM LIKE SOME STOCK BREAKER
HUH WHAT DID I DO FEED YOU
THEY MAKE YOU MORE BEAUTIFUL LOOK AT ME
I'VE ACTUALLY GOT 12. JUST
WHAT DO YOU EVEN DO WITH THESE SOULS
BECAUSE I'M NOT GOING TO GIVE MINE TO
YOU WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO DO
WITH IT
LOOK AT THEM LOOK AT THEM
LITTLE THINGS ON IT AND DRESS IT UP IN A
LITTLE BOW I LIKE TO SEE
PEOPLE'S CHOICES WHEN I LOOK INTO
SOMEONE'S SOUL I CAN SEE EVERY CHOICE
THEY EVER MADE
EVERY MOTIVATION
THAT'S REALLY COOL UNTIL THEY HAD
NO MORE CHOICE BECAUSE OF HER
RIGHT LOOKING INTO SOMEONE'S SOUL
IS MORE THAN JUST LIKE GETTING TO KNOW
SOMEONE BECAUSE
YOU SEE THE THINGS THAT THEY DON'T WANT
YOU TO SEE
WHEN I LOOK INTO THE SOULS I'VE
COLLECTED I SEE THINGS
THAT ONLY THEY HAVE KNOWN AND
IT EXCITES ME SO IS IT JUST SOME SORT OF
PERSONAL SATISFACTION THAT YOU GET OUT
OF THIS WHOLE THING
MAYBE BUT I'VE GOT A LOT OF TIME
UM
WHAT MATTERS MOST TO YOU
WHAT MATTERS MOST TO ME
IS A SENSE OF
REGAINING MY MISSING SENSE OF PURPOSE
BUT I DON'T KNOW I FEEL LIKE I'VE
LOST THAT PURPOSE SOME TIME AGO
SO TALKING ABOUT PURPOSE
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOUR PURPOSE IS
WE'VE ALL GOT ONE I MEAN YOU KNOW WHAT
MINE IS
YOU KNOW WHAT HIS IS
WHAT'S YOURS
I THOUGHT MY PURPOSE WAS TO BE THE BEST
ACTOR IN LONDON
BUT OBVIOUSLY IT'S NOT WORKED
AH I WISH I STUDIED BETTER AT SCHOOL
REALLY SOMETIMES I THINK I SHOULD HAVE
TAKEN A JOB FROM MY DAD
I HAD A PROPER CONTRACT I HAD YOU KNOW A
PROMISE OF
REASONABLE SUCCESS
BUT UH WHAT I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE
MORE EXCITING
CONTRACT THAT SOUNDS FAMILIAR
WHAT WAS YOUR ANSWER EARLIER YOU DIDN'T
WANT TO
WORK UNDER YOUR DAD YOU DIDN'T WANT TO
WORK WITH YOUR DAD I DON'T THINK YOU
WANTED TO BE ANYWHERE NEAR YOU
NO I DON'T WANT TO BE ANYWHERE NEAR MY
DAD HE'S A PRICK SO WHY DO YOU WANT TO
WORK FOR SOMEONE ELSE IN A LITTLE RED
DRESS
WHO WOULD BE WORKING FOR ME
IT'S JUST YOU WON'T BE GETTING PAID
IT'S JUST AN EXCHANGE
REASONABLE EXCHANGE A REASONABLE
LEARNING IN EXCHANGE IS IT REASONABLE I
WOULDN'T BE IN HELL
YOU WOULDN'T LAST THAT LONG REALLY
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU WOULDN'T GO TOWEL I
I'D HAVE YOUR SOUL OH THAT'S GOOD YOU
JUST DIE
AND YOU'D BE DEAD AND THEN WHAT
BE LITTLE I MEAN
YOU'D BE DEAD NOTHING JUST
DARKNESS LOVE TO JUST SEE
DARKNESS NOTHING
NO TIME PEACE
NOTHING OBAMA
ISN'T IT I HAVE TO AGREE WITH YOU OR NOT
BUT HOW CONSCIOUS DO YOU THINK WE REALLY
ARE
I MEAN DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU'RE IN
CONTROL OF EVERYTHING
ALL YOUR DECISIONS YOU'RE THE ONE WHO
SAYS THAT GOD'S IN CONTROL OF EVERYTHING
NO I SAID GOD GIVES FREE WILL
EXACTLY GOD GIVES THEM FREE WILL TOO SO
YOU THINK ANIMALS
HAVE CONSCIOUSNESS IN FACT YOU THINK
ANIMALS HAVE CONSCIOUSNESS
I DON'T QUITE KNOW
BUT THAT'S THE BEAUTY OF ONENESS THEY DO
HAVE A CONSCIOUSNESS
BUT THEY CAN'T SELL THEIR SOUL SORRY
THERE WILL NEVER EVER BE A SOUL THAT SHE
HAS THINK OF YOUR DOG THINK OF
A CAT YOU SEE ON THE STREET IT MAKES
DECISIONS TO LIVE
SURVIVE AND LOVE
OR THINK ABOUT RUDY
YOU'RE RABBIT HE WAS SIX
DO YOU THINK RUDY
CHOSE TO BE EATEN BY A FOX NO
BUT I'M SAYING YOU THINK RUDY
KNEW WHEN YOU WERE TALKING TO HIM WHEN
YOU USED TO TELL HIM
WHAT HAPPENED TO SCHOOL EACH DAY DO YOU
THINK HE WAS AWARE
OR DO YOU THINK HE WAS IN HIS OWN LITTLE
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS THINKING BUT HE
BIT ME 50 TIMES
TRUE HE DID I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS
THINKING
BECAUSE YOU TOUCHED UNDER HIS BELLY
AND YOU KNOW YOU DIDN'T LIKE THAT YOU
WERE A KID
YOU MADE A MISTAKE AND THAT IS FINE
BUT HE HAD THE CONSCIOUSNESS TO MAKE A
DECISION HE'S A HE'S AN ANIMAL
SORRY WHY CAN'T A PET
WHAT WHAT DO YOU MEAN DO YOU THINK IT'S
ALL INSTINCT DO YOU THINK IT'S
ALL TO DO WITH SURVIVAL THIS HAVE YOU
EVER WATCHED A DOG MAKE A DECISION
I HAVE WHEN YOU TURN IT TO SIT
IT DECIDES WHETHER TO LISTEN OR NOT IT
NORRIS IS GETTING A TREAT IT KNOWS IT'S
GETTING LOVE FROM YOU
THAT'S NOT MORE A DECISION THAT'S MORE
OF A PSYCHOLOGICAL SUBTLE TRAINING
THEY COULD CHOOSE TO IGNORE YOU I COULD
CHOOSE TO IGNORE YOU
IF I'M GOING TO CHOOSE TO IGNORE YOU
DON'T WELL DON'T YOU'RE HERE NOW
I CAN'T HEAR ANYTHING I'LL SPEAK TOO
MUCH YOU VISITED ME NO YOU
NO NO I DON'T LIKE BEING BLANK COME ON
LET'S JUST LET'S GET THIS GOING KEEP
SENDING ME
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SPEAK TO LITTLE RED
RIDING HOOD BUT NOT ME
ALL RIGHT LOOK AT HER
I DON'T EVEN KNOW I DON'T KNOW WHY I'M
SPEAKING TO EITHER OF YOU YOU BOTH
BOMBARDED IN MY HOUSE YOU ACTUALLY
PUSHED ME PAST THE DOOR
I HAD SOME AGGRESSIVE JEHOVAH'S WITNESS
I WAS POLITE
OH POLITE YOU WERE CREEPY YOU CRAWLED
INTO HIS
BED I DIDN'T DO THAT AND I WAITED
UNTIL HE PUT HIS TROUSERS BACK ON
YOU DIDN'T DO THAT YOU MOST CERTAINLY
DID NOT
HE'S CONFIDENT ON HIS OWN
ALL RIGHT EITHER WAY NOW IT DOESN'T
MATTER
I'M STARTING TO REGRET EVEN ARRANGING
THIS WHOLE LITTLE
PENTACLE WHATEVER THAT IS
WE'RE NOT GETTING ANYWHERE TO DO IT OF
COURSE YOU'RE NOT
OF COURSE YOU'RE NOT I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I'M DOING I JUST THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A
LOVE TO SELL MY SOUL TO WHOEVER WHAT
IF I HAD A VIRUS ON MY COMPUTER YOU TURN
UP IN MY BED AND YOU TURN UP AT MY DOOR
THE RED BOY AND THE DIVA I CAN LIVE WITH
THAT
I GET PAID HOW MUCH DO YOU GET PAID
WHY WHAT ARE YOU GETTING HOPE FOR
GOOD DEEDS HAPPINESS NOT EVERYTHING TO
DO WITH HER
NEVERTHELESS I'M GETTING QUITE SICK OF
THIS NOW JACK
THAT'S YOUR NAME YES SOMETHING
YOUR PARENTS GAVE YOU YES
ANGEL THAT'S HIS NAME
DEVILLE THAT'S MY NAME
DO YOU THINK YOUR NAME HAS INFLUENCED
YOUR LIFE
JACK I KNOW A LOT OF JAPS
I DON'T KNOW A LOT OF GIRLS ACTUALLY I
DO KNOW A LOT OF ANGELS EACH JACK IS
DIFFERENT THOUGH
DO YOU THINK YOUR NAME IS INFLUENCED THE
LIFE
HOW MANY TIMES DID MISS TAYLOR SAY JACK
AND ALL FOUR JACKS IN YOUR CLASSROOM PUT
THEIR HANDS UP
EXACTLY RIGHT HOW MANY TIMES IMPLYING
FREE WILL RIGHT YOUR NAME IS JACK
ACROSS THE ROOM JACK ON YOUR SIDE
WHATEVER YOU'RE ALL NAMED JACK AND YOU
STILL HAVE THE FREE WILL THE FREEDOM TO
DO SOMETHING DO YOU CARE
ABOUT FREE WILL I'M TALKING ABOUT
MAYBE ONE OF THE REASONS YOU STRUGGLE IS
BECAUSE
YOU'RE CALLED JACK ISN'T EVERYONE
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO INSINUATE I'VE GOT
JACK IN THE BRAIN
NO IT'S SUPPOSED TO INSINUATE MAYBE
YOU STRUGGLED WITH YOUR IDENTITY
I THINK I'D HAVE STRUGGLED IF THERE WERE
THREE OTHER DEVILS IN MY CLASS
THIS IS QUITE FRANKLY THE WEIRDEST
CONVERSATION I'VE EVER HAD I AM SICK TO
DEATH OF BOTH OF YOU WILL YOU PLEASE
LEAVE MY FLAT
AND LET ME REST IN PEACE YOU ARE NOT TO
COME IN MY BED EVER AGAIN
RIGHT LET'S THINK ABOUT
GOING BACK TO THE PAST MAYBE GETTING TO
THE ROOT
OF SOME OF YOUR EARLY CHOICES
WHAT'S YOUR EARLIEST MEMORY
EATING A WORM IN THE GUT THE WHOLE
THE WHOLE THE WHOLE THE WHOLE THE WHOLE
REGRETTABLY YES RIGHT
IS THAT DEMOLITION ENOUGH FOR YOU WELL
ACTUALLY
YEAH I'M QUITE I'M QUITE IMPRESSED DIRTY
I DON'T KNOW WHAT MY EARLIEST MEMORY IS
THAT'S TOO SPECIFIC
CAN YOU REMEMBER YOUR FIRST DAY AT
SCHOOL
WELL WHICH PARTS DO YOU REMEMBER I JUST
I REMEMBER BEING LATE FOR SCHOOL
BECAUSE MY MUM WAS ENTERTAINING SOME
GUESTS
WHAT'S THE RASH I REMEMBER
THE RACK YEAH I THINK I REMEMBER IT I
REMEMBER WAITING BY THE FRONT DOOR WITH
MY MUM HAVING VARIOUS MEN GO UPSTAIRS I
THINK THEY SAID THEY WERE
BEDROOM INSPECTORS WHATEVER THAT IS
SO THAT'S WHY WE WERE LATE FOR SCHOOL
RIGHT AND THIS WAS BACK IN THE DAYS OF
CORPORATE PUNISHMENT SO
MY TEACHER GAVE ME A SLAP AROUND THE
FACE
YOU KNOW MY SCHOOL WAS THE LAST ONE IN
THE HISTORY OF THE COUNTRY TO STOP
CORPORAL PUNISHMENT
IT WAS THE LAST ONE
IT'S LONG BEEN MY FAULT FOR NOT BEING
TIRED NOT ENTIRELY
PLEASE DON'T MESS AROUND WITH CANDLES
IF YOU BREAK ONE YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR IT
RIGHT FIVE QUID ALL RIGHT
THANK YOU
WHAT RELEVANCE DOES MY CHILD HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS
BECAUSE EVEN AS CHILDREN
WE MAKE CHOICES WE PICK UP ON BEHAVIORS
YOU KNOW WE LISTEN TO OUR PARENTS HOW
MANY CHILDREN HAVE YOU EVER SEEN
ACCIDENTALLY SAY OR ARE LIKE
FIVE YEARS OLD ALL BECAUSE THEY LISTEN
TO THEIR PARENTS HAVE AN ARGUMENT
OH I DON'T KNOW I HEARD MY MUM SAY IT A
FEW TIMES UPSTAIRS BUT
I REMEMBER TELLING MY TEACHER WELL I
TOLD MY TEACHER
YOU KNOW UM
TRUE
ALL RIGHT
WHAT
WHAT'S NEXT
I WOULD HAVE EXPECTED BOTH OF YOU TO
COME IN WITH A PLAN
WHY ARE YOU HERE YOU'RE HERE TO ASK ME
QUESTIONS YOU'RE HERE TO SAVE MY CELL
ARE YOU GOING TO DO IT ACTUALLY I'M HERE
TO TAKE
YOURS OKAY YOU'RE GOING TO TAKE IT
YOU'RE GOING TO SET UP WHATEVER IT IS
WHATEVER YOU'RE TRYING TO DO SO FAR I'VE
GOT NOTHING
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S GOING TO TAKE
BECAUSE I'D LIKE TO BE LEFT ALONE
UNLESS THERE'S ANY TIME FOR REFLECTION
I INVITE YOU TO ASK ME
WHAT
CAN I HAVE MORE ORANGE JUICE
YOU DON'T GET MINE
SEE THE PROBLEM JACK IS
YOU LACK PURPOSE YOU'RE GETTING HUNG UP
ON BEING
AN ACTOR AND YOU'RE NOT SEEING WHAT'S
RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU
YOU'VE REQUESTED ENOUGH THAT'S ENOUGH I
PAID FOR THAT MATE
ALL RIGHT I DON'T ACTUALLY REMEMBER
SAYING YESTERDAY
MORE OF THAT I DON'T NEED TO BE STINGY
I'M SORRY
BUT WHAT TIME DID YOU SAY
POTENTIAL JOBS ANYTHING COME ON COME ON
WE'RE NOT REALLY SWAYING HONOURABLES
WHAT'S MY IDEAL JOB YEAH WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO KNOW
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU COULDN'T DO
EVERYTHING
I DON'T KNOW I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO WORK
WITH ANIMALS
I WANTED TO GO ABROAD LOOK AFTER SOME
OVERSEAS
CREATURES ENDANGERED SPECIES THAT SORT
OF THING
IF I COULDN'T DO ACTING WHICH I CAN'T
YOU CAN'T IT'S LIKE THAT CRAP
DEBATABLE I'D SAY HE'S QUITE CRAP AT HIS
JOB BUT HERE WE ARE HE'S STILL GONNA
YOU KNOW DO IT FOREVER SO YEAH THANK YOU
I WANT TO WORK WITH ENDANGERED ANIMALS
NICE
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO GO TO
MAYBE BORNEO OR THAILAND ALL RIGHT
LOOK AFTER ANIMALS EXPLORING GOD'S
CREATION
GOD'S CREATION I AM ALSO GOD'S CREATION
SO YOU CAN
BUT YOU START I ALSO WANTED TO LOOK AT
BANGKOK THAT'S DEFINITELY NOT GOD'S
CREATION
PEOPLE MAKE MISTAKES
EITHER WAY
EITHER WAY THAT'S MY ALTERNATE GOAL IN
LIFE
I DON'T KNOW WHEN I'M GOING TO GO I
DON'T KNOW IF I CAN SAVE UP FOR IT
WHICH IS ONE OF THOSE FAKE PHONY DREAMS
THAT'S NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN EVERYONE'S
GOING TO GO YEAH ONE DAY I'LL DO IT ONE
DAY BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY
I'M GONNA BE STUCK HERE AND IT'S NEVER
GONNA HAPPEN
BECAUSE I HAVEN'T GOT THE GUTS TO LET
EVERYTHING GO
STOP BEING AN ACTOR AND GO AWAY
JUST LEAVE EVERYTHING BEHIND I HAVEN'T
GOT THE CUTS TO DO THAT
BUT YOU HAVE A GOAL
YOU'RE NOT GOALLESS YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO AIM FOR IN LIFE
HOW IS IT NOT FUN CHASING IT COME ON
I CAN'T CHASE IT BECAUSE I'M A LAZY
BASTARD
OH THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM AND THAT'S
HURTFUL TOO
JACK HOW DO YOU THINK YOU'LL DIE
HOW DOES HE THINK HE'S GONNA DIE WE'LL
THINK ABOUT IT
I DON'T I'M NOT GOING TO DIE
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA WHY ARE YOU
EVEN ASKING YOURSELF A QUESTION
RIGHT SHE'S DEAD INSIDE WHY
YOU ARE DEAD INSIDE I'M ASKING YOU
BECAUSE
IT'S INTERESTING HEARING HOW PEOPLE
THINK WE'RE GOING TO DIE IF IT'S LIKE
CANCER
IF IT'S ALL RIGHT YOU'RE FASCINATED BY
THE WEIRDEST THINGS I'M FASCINATED
BECAUSE
MAYBE THE WAY YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING TO
DIE IS
AN INDICATION OF WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
NEXT
YOU KNOW DO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I'M
SAYING
HOW DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GONNA DIE KEEP
GOING ARE YOU ASKING HOW DO YOU THINK
HOW DO I THINK I'M GOING TO DIE OR HOW
WOULD I LIKE TO DIE IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE
ASKING ME WHICH ONE
HOW DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING TO DIE
BECAUSE I KNOW HOW I'D LIKE TO DIE
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO DIE I WOULD LIKE
TO DIE
IN A GREEK VILLA ON A
PATIO BALCONY WITH A GLASS OF
STRONG ALCOHOL AND MAYBE A FEW
LOCAL WOMEN FROM THE AREA BUT THAT'S YOU
KNOW THAT'S
BUT YOU KNOW THE INTERESTING THING ABOUT
WHAT HE JUST SAID
HERE IT'S IN GREECE RIGHT
DO YOU WANT TO GO YOU KNOW WHERE YOU
WANT TO GO
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SOUL TO GO TO
GREECE
YEAH I DON'T WANT TO SELL MY SOUL TO GO
TO GREECE
I CAN GO TO GREECE
HOW DO I THINK I'M GOING TO DIE I THINK
I'M PROBABLY GOING TO DIE
IN SOME REALLY MUNDANE DULL
UNEXCITING ACCIDENT OF SOME SORTS
OR SOMETHING THAT'S REALLY JUST ANNOYING
AND GETS IN THE WAY OF EVERYTHING LIKE
ALL OF A SUDDEN I'VE GOT THIS CLOGGING
ARTERY INSIDE ME
THAT'S JUST GOING TO KILL ME OFF IN THE
MOST INCONVENIENT TIME SAY I GET A PART
OF MY LIFE AND THEN I DIE IN A BLOODY
AUDITION
THAT'S HOW I'LL GO KNOWING MY LIFE
THAT'S EXACTLY HOW I'M GOING TO GO I'M
ACTUALLY GOING TO NAIL THAT TELETUBBIES
RECALL AUDITION AND THEN I'D DIE NEXT TO
ALL OF THEM HOW HUMILIATING IS THAT
THAT WOULD BE PRETTY HUMILIATING UM
WHAT OKAY WELL YOU CAN'T KNOW
YOU CAN'T DECIDE YEAH I CAN'T DECIDE
YOU CAN HAVE SOMEONE DECIDE FOR YOU
GRIM REAPER HERE BIG BLACK QUEENS
TAKE YOU OFF TO NOT OPEN NOT PARADISE
NOT
WHEREVER YOU WANT TO BE
YOU'VE BEEN NOWHERE DARKNESS YES
YES SEE THE BEAUTY OF CREATING
OPPORTUNITIES
NOW THAT'S A THIEF
YOU CREATED YOUR WILL
YOU CREATED YOUR WANT OF ACTING
CREATION IS BEAUTIFUL I THOUGHT YOU SAID
GOD CREATED EVERYTHING
HE CREATED YOU YOU CREATED HER BUT IT
GIVES YOU THE FREE WILL TO DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT
HUMANS CREATE HUMANS GO OUT LOOK AT OUR
BUILDING OUTSIDE ISN'T THAT BEAUTIFUL
THE ARCHITECTURE LOOK AT THE BRICKS
LOOK HOW THEY ALL ALIGN THE COLOR
EVERYTHING THERE'S A COUNCIL FLAT
IT'S BEAUTIFUL IT'S NOT BURNING DOWN
HUMANS CAN CREATE A JACK
THIS ONE DESTROYS HE DECIDES WHAT WHAT'S
FUR
YOU MEANT TO DO IT BOTH RIGHT YEAH BUT
ONLY BECAUSE DESTRUCTION IS EASIER
NOT NECESSARILY GLOBAL WARMING IS
ACTUALLY QUITE DIFFICULT TO ACHIEVE BUT
HERE WE ARE HOW EASY DO YOU THINK IT IS
TO BREAK THIS BUILDING DOWN COMPARED TO
MAKING IT
I'VE BEEN A LOT EASIER ONE BULLDOZER
VERSUS
YEARS OF BUILDING MATERIALS AND HIRING
PEOPLE
PLANNING WHAT DOES WHAT WHAT HAS MORE
REWARD
DO YOU WANT TO BREAK DOWN THIS WHOLE
BUILDING DO YOU WANT A BULLDOZER DO YOU
WANT TO
SET OFF A BOMB THAT'S NOT THE QUESTION
HERE THINK ABOUT
HOW
YOU'RE TRYING TO ASK HIM WHAT IS WHAT IS
BETTER DESTRUCTION OR CREATION I I SAID
IT IN THE KITCHEN
WHAT ARE HUMANS BETTER AT DOING
THINK ABOUT IT LOOK OUTSIDE LOOK AT THE
BEAUTY LOOK AT
LONDON IT'S BEAUTIFUL HUMANS
THE MOST DISGRACEFUL PITIFUL PARASITES
ON THE EARTH
DESTROY EVERYTHING THEY TOUCH BEFORE
DID YOU TAP INTO A LITTLE SNAKE SHE SAID
TO EVE OH
TAKE THIS APPLE GO ON SWEETIE YOU'LL BE
AMAZING
YOU'LL GET EVERYTHING YOU WANT
ADAM AND EVE
THE FIRE OF LONDON WAS ACTUALLY QUITE
BEAUTIFUL
LIKE ONE EVENING JUST LOOKED OUT IT WAS
JUST
A GLOW ALL OVER THE CITY NOW YOU LOOK
OUT YOU JUST SEE CONCRETE BUILDINGS
AND PEOPLE WHO LOOK LIKE THEY HAVEN'T
WASHED IN SEVERAL WEEKS OKAY I AGREE
WITH THAT BUT THAT'S EASY
THAT'S THE EASY ROUTE WHO CARES ABOUT
THE EASY ROUTE
LOOK HUMAN THINK ABOUT HOW SATISFIED YOU
ARE WHEN YOU CREATE SOMETHING
WHEN YOU GIVE I CREATE NOTHING
HE'S PRETTY GOOD AT DESTROYING THINGS
ACTUALLY I'VE DESTROYED EVERYTHING
ENJOYED HIS RELATIONSHIP WITH ALICE BANG
HE DESTROYED HIS OPPORTUNITY TO WORK
HE DESTROYED BASICALLY HIS CAREER IN
THAT AUDITION ROOM
I DESTROYED MY MOTHER'S WHEELCHAIR
DESTROYED HIS MOTHER'S WHEELCHAIR
REST IN PEACE HE'S BASICALLY DESTROYED
HIS GRANDMA'S FLAT I MEAN
LOOK AT THIS PLACE YEAH I'M EXACTLY
EXCITED OH
MUCH HAPPINESS HAVE YOU GOT FROM THE
DESTROYING STUFF
IT ALWAYS FEELS EMPTY AFTER YOU DO THAT
DOESN'T IT
I DON'T KNOW SATISFYING IN SOME WAYS
FRUSTRATION
TEMPTATION ALL OF THE ABOVE THAT'S ALL
AGAIN YOU DO A LOT OF BAD HE'S
REALLY GOOD AT IT THOUGH
SO HUMANS ARE HUMANS ARE THE WORST
SPECIES IN THE WHOLE PLANET ARE THE
WORST
THE ABSOLUTE WORST BUT THEY'RE ALSO THE
BEST WHICH IS THE WEIRD THING
EXACTLY BECAUSE THEY DO SO MUCH GOOD
BUT YOU KNOW THEY ONLY DO SO MUCH GOOD
FOR ALL THE BAD STUFF THAT HUMANS HAVE
ALSO CAUSED
PYRAMIDS ALIENS DID THE PYRAMIDS MATE
LET'S NOT COMPLICATE THINGS
WHAT DO YOU THINK IS THE ONE THING THAT
YOU HUMANS JUST ACCEPT
EVEN THOUGH IT'S ABSOLUTELY TERRIFYING
SHOULD I TELL YOU WHAT I THINK WHAT
LOVE LOVE IS TERRIFYING
NOT THE FEAR OF
WAR OR NUCLEAR BOMBS BEING DROPPED ON
YOU
THE FEAR OF HEARTBREAK GIVING
EVERYTHING TO SOMETHING OR SOMEONE
YOU KNOW WHETHER IT BE A CAREER OR A
RELATIONSHIP
THAT'S BECAUSE NO ONE LOVES YOU BUT THEN
ONE DAY
OR OVER A COURSE OF TIME IT JUST
IT FIZZLES OUT AND THEN NO ONE LOVES YOU
WE JUST ACCEPT IT HUMANS ENCOURAGE OTHER
HUMANS
TO FALL IN LOVE YOU WERE RED FAIRY TALES
AS A CHILD BUT
WHAT'S THE ONE THING THAT HAS LED YOU
HERE TO YOUR LOWEST POINT
LOVE FOR ALICE
AND YOUR LOVE FOR ACTING
YOU KNOW I DON'T EVEN KNOW IF I LOVE
ACTING I REALLY DON'T
WELL THINK OF SOMETHING YOU DO THINK OF
SOMETHING THAT
CARRIES YOUR EMOTION
YOUR WILL TO DO THINGS YOUR
WILL TO SET OBJECTIVES AND GET THEM DONE
YOU HAD YOUR AUDITION
AND I RUINED IT THAT WAS A GOAL AND YOU
WENT AND YOU DID YOUR BEST
RIGHT THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING EVERY TIME
I TRY AND ACT
WELL I FAIL EVERY TIME I MEET AN ACTOR I
THINK THEY'RE AN
EVERY SINGLE ACTOR I HAVE MET IS A
EVERY SINGLE ONE EVERY FILM DIRECTOR IS
A AS WELL
I'M SICK OF IT I'M SICK OF THE WHOLE
THING DON'T STEP AWAY FROM IT
COME ON THERE'S SO MANY OPTIONS LOOK AT
THE WORLD LOOK OUTSIDE ALREADY TALKING
ABOUT THE BRICKS COME ON
DO SOMETHING WITH IT YEAH NOT BEING A
BRICKLAYER
MAYBE CEMENT BLOCKS MAKE THEM I DON'T
KNOW
CREATE DO SOMETHING GOOD ALL RIGHT WELL
IT'S A BIT DIFFICULT A BIT LATE NOW TO
CHOOSE YEAH
YEAH YEAH THAT'S SO EASY TO SAY IT'S SO
EASY TO SAY OH
TAKE MY SOUL TAKE IT GO ON
DO YOU THINK I WOULD SAY YES DO YOU
THINK I HAVE LUNCH TOGETHER
THAT IS WHY YOU'RE HERE I WANT YOU TO
SAY NO
YOU DON'T START TALKING
I WANT TO BE AWAY FROM EVERYONE AND
EVERYTHING
APART FROM THAT BEAUTIFUL LOOK AT THAT
GOAL LOOK AT YOU YOU'RE COMING UP WITH
IT AND AWAY FROM YOU TWO AS WELL
YEAH THAT'S FINE JUST DON'T SAY YOUR
SOUL WILL BOTH BE OFF
SHE'LL NEVER COME BACK HOPEFULLY SHE
LIES IN A LITTLE HOLE IN HER
COVERED IN FIRE AND FLAMES WERE RED
SHE NORMALLY HAS HORNS YOU KNOW NO I
DON'T
KNOW I DON'T CARE I DON'T CARE ABOUT ANY
OF THAT
JACK YOU'RE KILLING ME MATE WE'RE NOT
GETTING ANYWHERE
I TOLD YOU HOW BEAUTIFUL THINGS ARE LOOK
AT THIS
IT'S A PIECE OF A BEAUTIFUL PIECE
OF
RIGHT IT'S MODERN ART CLASSIC MODERN ART
SHITE IT LOOKS LIKE
TRADITIONAL BUT THEY'VE LAID IT ALL THIS
NEW RUBBISH YOU'RE SO
NOW REMINDED HELLO
THINK ABOUT ART THINK ABOUT PAINTINGS
MOVIES
SINGING EVER IT'S BEAUTIFUL MAN COME ON
I'M PLAYING THE HEART BUT
I'VE COME TO REALIZE THE WHOLE THING IS
A LOAD OF RUBBISH LISTEN IT IS A WHOLE
LOT OF RUBBISH FILMING
THEATER MUSIC IT'S ALL ABSTRACT CRAP
THINK ABOUT JUST JUST GO WITH ME
YEARS AGO THE WORLD GOT TOGETHER
IN ONE ONE STADIUM WHATEVER IT WAS
SORRY YOU'RE THE SON OF GOD YOU WELL
FUNNY MERCURY UP ON STAGE RIGHT QUEEN
UP ON STAGE ALL THERE FOR THE SAME
REASON PLAYING MUSIC
A SOUND THAT TRANSCENDS SPEAKING
EVERYONE UNDERSTANDS THAT
THINK ABOUT THE UNITY THAT BROUGHT THEY
WERE RAISING MONEY TO HELP BATTLE
SOMETHING BETTER
OR AGAIN IN ANOTHER COUNTRY IN SEVERAL
COUNTRIES THINK ABOUT IT
THINK ABOUT HOW BEAUTIFUL THAT IS THINK
ABOUT HOW BEAUTIFUL
HUMANS CAN BE WHEN THEY UNITE CONNECT
ONE MAN AND HE WAS DYING
HE WAS SUFFERING
HE CARRIED HIS TEAM
INTO SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL AND SOMETHING
NEVER FORGOTTEN IN HISTORY SOMETHING
THAT
EVERYONE UNDERSTANDS I
HAVE TO AGREE WITH JACK THAT IS A PIECE
OF
AND ALSO YOU'RE BANGING ON ABOUT ARE YOU
USING FREDDIE MERCURY AS AN EXAMPLE OF
UNIFICATION WHAT IS HE SOLVED
HE'S TALKING ABOUT BAND-AID RIGHT THE
PROBLEM THAT THEY WERE RAISING MONEY FOR
YEAH
ALL KNIVES YEAH STILL THERE RIGHT
SO WHAT DID THAT ARTISTIC MUSICAL
PHENOMENON DO
IT'S HUMANS PUSH THINK ABOUT EVERYTHING
THE WORLD HAS ACHIEVED TOGETHER THAT IS
ALWAYS GOING TO BE BAD
ALWAYS SHE WAS CREATED TO BE PERFECT
AND SHE WELL THAT'S BECAUSE
IT'S NOT PERFECT HERE IS IT NOTHING'S
BUT
IF YOU COULD MAKE
A CITY PERFECT LONDON PERFECT
WHAT WOULD YOU DO I WOULD COLLECTIVELY
ROUND UP
EVERY SINGLE PERSON AND THEN SHIP THEM
OFF TO SOME
DEAD-END DESERT IN THE MIDDLE OF BLOODY
NOWHERE AND
I WOULD REPLACE IT WITH ALL THE
ENDANGERED ANIMALS I'M SPEAKING ABOUT
THEM EARLIER
THERE IS NO THERE'S NO PERFECT CITY ALL
CITIES ARE CRAP
FILLED WITH CRIME FILLED WITH RUBBISH
EVERYONE TRYING TO CHARGE YOU FOR EVERY
LITTLE THING GO DOWN THIS ROAD
50 QUID YOU WANT TO PARK YOUR CAR
OUTSIDE YOUR FLAT 350 QUID
BUT YOU SEE THAT IMPERFECTION IT'S YOUR
ABILITY AS A PERSON TO CHANGE THAT
NO NO IT'S NOT YES IT IS YOU CAN HAVE A
VOCATION IN LIFE AND THAT'S TO BE A GOOD
PERSON
OR YOU CAN JUST GIVE ME SOMETHING AND
HAVE EVERYTHING IN RETURN GET YEAH GET
WHAT YOU WANT GET THIS GET THAT
THAT'S NEVER GONNA MAKE YOU HAPPY
ACTUALLY IN THE END
YOU'LL BE SUFFERING YOU'LL HAVE
EVERYTHING YOU WANT THINK ABOUT
HOW WHEN YOU FINALLY HAVE SOMETHING HOW
THE MEANING HOW EVERYTHING
IS TAKEN AWAY HE'S ALREADY HAD
EVERYTHING TAKEN AWAY
YOU CAN HAVE MORE YOU CAN MAKE MORE HE
CAN FIND
MORE YOU CAN EXPLORE MORE MAN COME ON
WELL
WELL IF I HAD THAT MINDSET AND YOU
WOULDN'T BE HERE WOULD YOU TRUE TRUE
I'M GIVING IT TO YOU ACTUALLY I
AM THE ONE OFFERING YOU EVERYTHING WHAT
ARE YOU OFFERING STILL YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
HIM WORK
SUFFER BEING PAIN NOTHING IS GONNA
CHANGE
I'M GIVING YOU EVERYTHING INSTANTLY
SUFFERING IS ONLY SUFFERING BECAUSE OF
HER
IT IS WHAT HUMANS CHOOSE TO ACT ON
THAT MAKES THEM GOOD OR BAD EVERYONE HAS
BAD EVERYONE
I CAN PUNCH HER IN
YOU DON'T HAVE TO THINK ABOUT A CITY
THAT WAS A STUPID QUESTION HOW IS IT
STUPID
ABOUT THE WHOLE PICTURE WHEN HE MOANS
ABOUT THE CITY AND I'M SAYING
EVERY PROBLEM I HAVE EVEN THOUGH YOU
AGREE WITH ME
ORIGINATED WITH YOU EVIL
NOT HIM AS ANNOYING AS THIS IS
YOU ARE THE SOURCE OF ALL MY PROBLEMS
THE FIRST THING
THE SPREADING LIKE A VIRUS INFECTING
EVERYONE ELSE YOU ARE THE CORE
AND I'M ALSO HERE TO SOLVE OH YEAH I'M
HERE TO SAVE YOU I'M YOUR SALVATION YOU
CAN BE YOURSELF
THAT'S GOOD THAT'S GOOD THANK YOU
YOU'RE GOOD I'M THE ONLY PERSON HERE
OFFERING YOU HELP SO
TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT BUT I'M AWFULLY
LEAVING IT YOU'RE GONNA BE MAKING A BIG
MISTAKE
YOU ALREADY KNOW THAT I'M JUST STANDING
HERE LISTENING TO THINGS THAT YOU'RE
BOTH SAYING YOU'RE BOTH TRYING TO
CONVINCE ME TO DO SOMETHING
BUT NONE OF IT'S WORKING I ASSUME THAT
WHEN SOMETHING STRIPPED STRIKES A CALL
WITH ME
THEN YOU BOTH WILL GO AWAY AND WHATEVER
SIDE I GO TO
IS GONNA WORK IF YOU CHOOSE HER YOU WILL
NEVER LEAVE HER ACTUALLY
YOU WILL BE HERS LIKE HER PROPERTY
LIKE SOMEONE'S BOOK ON A SHELF SOMEONE'S
CAT DOG SOMEONE'S SORRY I
LAUNDRY YOU'RE ALREADY TELLING HIM THAT
HE'S BEEN GOD'S PROPERTY SINCE THE
MOMENT HE WAS CREATED
PROBABLY I SAID FREE WILL THAT'S THE
REASON YOU ARE LIKE
STILL OWNS HIM NO HE DOESN'T IF HE DOES
YOU NEED TO SHUT UP
I'M SO TIRED OF THIS
I REALLY AM SO TIRED OF THIS YOU KNOW
YOU TWO ARE TRYING YOUR
BEST TO TRY AND CONFORM ME TO WHATEVER
VIEWPOINT THAT YOU BOTH GOT GOING BUT IT
SEEMS TO BE NOT WORKING
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT YOU'RE ASKING ME
ALL THESE BIZARRE QUESTIONS
ALL TRYING TO BE PHILOSOPHICAL
I'VE GOT FOR YOU HOW CAN A
MASSIVE MIX OF DIFFERENT GROUPS OF
PEOPLE
UNIFY HOW CAN THEY HOW CAN A HUGE GROUP
OF PEOPLE ACTUALLY GET ON
BECAUSE IT SEEMS TO ME LIVING IN CITIES
DOESN'T SEEM TO DO IT I SEEM TO NOT GET
ALONG WITH ANYONE
SO TELL ME CAN A GROUP OF PEOPLE FROM
DIFFERENT ETHNICITIES
CULTURAL BACKGROUNDS WHATEVER MIX
NO RIGHT NICE PERSON
OPTIMIST RIGHT WHO'S WHO IS
THE REALEST HERE ME THAT WOULD BE ME OF
COURSE YOU COULD BOTH SAY THAT
OH OBVIOUSLY WE CAN'T WE'RE ALL RAISED
DIFFERENTLY WE'RE ALL
TAUGHT DIFFERENT LESSONS DIFFERENT
MORALS WE ALL COME FROM RICH OR POOR
BACKGROUNDS OR
LABOR OR TORY BACKGROUNDS WE ALL LIVE IN
BIG HOUSES OR SMALL HOUSES OR
HOW CAN YOU EXPECT US TO ALL JUST LIVE
TOGETHER WE CAN'T THAT'S WHY PEOPLE DIE
ON THE STREET
THAT'S WHY CROSS-CULTURALLY PEOPLE RACE
COMPLETELY DIFFERENTLY CAN HAVE THE SAME
MORALS
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THAT HOW CAN PEOPLE
HAVE THE SAME MORALS IF THEY'RE RAISED
ENTIRELY DIFFERENTLY
THEY DON'T SEEM TO THAT'S THE ANSWER
THEY DON'T NEED TO
BUT IT'S FINE YOU DON'T NEED TO HAVE THE
SAME MORALS
OKAY MAYBE HUMAN BEINGS AREN'T CAPABLE
OF HAVING AN
AGREED MORAL CODE
BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT IT'S ABOUT YOU CAN
LIVE A LIFE YOU CAN LIVE A FULL LIFE
NOT BOTHERING ANYONE ELSE AND CHOOSE TO
NOT LET OTHERS BOTHER YOU YOU CAN
LIVE YOUR LIFE AND LET OTHERS LIVE
THEIRS THAT'S WHAT'S IMPORTANT
THAT'S HOW UNITY WILL BE ACCOMPLISHED BY
LETTING PEOPLE DO
WHAT THEY DO THEIR PURPOSE
WHILE STICKING TO WORDS SO YOU'RE SAYING
I JUST NEED TO ACCEPT THE FACT THAT
EVERYONE AROUND ME IS AN
YES JUST LIKE THEY HAVE TO ACCEPT YOU
DISAGREE WITH THEM
JUST LIKE YOUR NEIGHBOR HAS TO ACCEPT
YOU LIKE THIS TYPE OF MUSIC THAT TYPE OF
MUSIC THAT TYPE OF FILM
ALL RIGHT MY NAME IS WHAT'S HAPPENING
OKAY TELL ME THIS
HOW MUCH IS A YEAR OF YOUR LIFE WORTH
YEAH ALL RIGHT COME ON
I'M ASKING HIM A QUESTION ALL RIGHT ALL
RIGHT I SEE WHAT YOU'RE DOING HERE MISS
RUMPLE SKILLS YEAH UNDERSTAND ANYTHING
WHAT SHREK
A YEAR OF MY LIFE AS MEN
NOTHING IS WORTH NOTHING A YEAR OF
ANYONE'S LIFE IS WORTH NOTHING
NO MATTER WHAT THEY ACHIEVE THEY'RE
STILL A SMALL SPECK OF HUMANITY
IT'S WORTH EVERYTHING HOW EVERY SECOND
EVERY DAY THIS CONVERSATION IS WORTH
SOMETHING IT'S MAKING YOU THINK IT'S
MAKING YOU GROW
LEARN IT'S MAKING YOU HELP CHOOSE A
DECISION
TO MAKE ONE TO MAKE A DEFINITIVE ONE
EVERY SECOND THAT I'M TALKING NOW
AFFECTS YOU AFFECTS YOU IT AFFECTS THE
LADY
IT IRRITATES ME YEAH YOU'RE IRRITATING
ME TOO
YOU'RE BOTH IRRITATING ME
SO IF YOU DO NOT
THINK THAT PEOPLE CAN LIVE IN UNITY TO
THINK THAT
A DAY OF YOUR LIFE IS WORTH MORE THAN
ANYTHING
THAT DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE WHAT DO YOU
THINK IS
THE PURPOSE OF HUMANS WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE MADE TO DO
THINK ABOUT THAT THE PURPOSE
THE PURPOSE OF HUMANKIND IS TO DO WHAT
EVERY OTHER SPECIES IS SUPPOSED TO DO
MULTIPLY AND DESTROY IT
BUT THAT IS SO THE EVOLVE YOU YOU'RE A
HUMAN
YOU ARE ABLE TO DO ALL OF THIS BRING ALL
OF THIS INTO EXISTENCE
YOU HAVE ACCOMPLISHED SOMETHING NO OTHER
SPECIES CAN
AND YOU THINK ALL HUMANS ARE FOR
ARE REPRODUCTION SURVIVAL
IT JUST SEEMS TO ME THAT ALL HUMANS DO
IS REPRODUCE AND DESTROY THINGS BUT YES
PEOPLE HAVE DONE MORE THAN ANY OTHER
SPECIES ON THIS EARTH THEY'RE ANNOYING
AS HELL
WHICH IS WHY I LIKE ANIMALS MORE BUT YES
HUMANS HAVE DONE MORE SO YES YOU'RE
RIGHT
YES THEY HAVE DONE MORE HUMANS HAVE DONE
CHARITY HUMANS HAVE SET UP
PIT STOPS SUPERMARKETS WHERE YOU CAN BUY
FOOD FOR YOURSELF AND OTHERS IMAGINE
IMAGINE WHAT HUMANS CAN ACCOMPLISH WHAT
JUST BECAUSE THERE'S A TESCO
DOWN THE ROAD THINGS ARE GREAT YES
DO YOU SEE A TIGER OR A LION OPENING UP
A SHOT FOR ALL THE TIGERS AND LIONS
THAT'S BECAUSE TIGERS AND LIONS HUNT
THEY ONLY HAVE SURVIVAL THAT'S WHAT
MAKES THEM PURE
YES BUT BECAUSE HUMANS HAVE THIS CHOICE
HUMANS HAVE THIS SPECIAL THING ABOUT
THEM
THEY COULD CREATE SO MUCH MORE OR DO SO
MUCH LESS WITH IT
AND IT'S HOW YOU CHOOSE
YEAH WELL
YOU SEEM TO BE RIGHT IN SOME WAY
I DON'T KNOW MY FAITH IN HUMANITY HAS
BEEN
SUFFERING FOR YEARS SO HAVE FAITH IN
YOURSELF
OF YOUR PURPOSES FAITH IN MYSELF HENCE
WHY I SUMMONED THIS WEIRD LITTLE THING
I'VE SPENT TIME DOING THIS
FOR WHAT JUST YOU KNOW
SHE GETS LIKE THIS WEIRD THING ON MY
LAPTOP WHEN I WAS TRYING TO WATCH
SOMETHING ELSE
JUST LEARNING GROWTH
PROGRESS THAT'S WHAT EVERY EXPERIENCE IS
GOING TO BRING YOU
YEAH THAT'S WHAT EVERYONE NEEDS
YEAH YOU'RE RIGHT AND I'VE WASTED SO
MUCH TIME MUCKING AROUND WITH THIS STUFF
SO YEAH ANGEL
YOU MAY BE RIGHT IN THIS REGARD
BECAUSE
YOU'RE NOT GOOD AT SOCIAL SKILLS THAT'S
TRUE FOR A START
YOU ACTUALLY CAN BE GOOD AT NOTHING SO
YOU'VE ACHIEVED THAT QUITE WELL THANK
YOU
I WAS HAVING SUCH A BAD DAY TODAY
BUT I DID NOT THINK THAT IT WOULD START
LIKE THIS
END UP LIKE THIS THIS IS NOT WHAT I HAD
PLANNED
I PLANNED TO SIT ON MY LAPTOP
WATCH SOME THINGS I WON'T SPECIFY
APPLY TO MORE JOBS AND HOPEFULLY GET THE
BREAK
THAN I NEEDED BUT INSTEAD I HAD
THE OF EASTWICK
TELLING ME TO PERFORM A RITUAL
AND THEN YOU TWO SHOWED UP
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME THIS HAS BEEN WHAT
AN
ABSOLUTE WASTE OF MY TIME
HAD THERE NOT BEEN SOMEONE ELSE THAT YOU
COULD HAVE GONE AND VISITED
SOMEONE IN AN ACTUAL DEPRESSING
CIRCUMSTANCE
IN A NATURAL YOU KNOW DESTITUTION
POVERTY SOMEONE WITH ACTUAL PROBLEMS BUT
WHAT
WHATEVER I'VE GOT ISN'T THE REAL PROBLEM
WHATEVER I'VE BEEN COMPLAINING ABOUT IS
MEANINGLESS
I HAVE HAD SUCH A I AM SUCH A MISERABLE
BASTARD
AND I DON'T NEED TO BE IF ANYTHING THAT
YOU
YOU BOTH HAVE DONE IS REALIZED ACTUALLY
I'M I'M QUITE HAPPY BEING
I'M QUITE HAPPY LISTENING TO MYSELF
YOU BOTH HAVE BOARD THE HELL OUT OF ME
THE ABSOLUTE HELL OUT OF ME
IT'S MADE ME REALIZE I DON'T NEED EITHER
OF YOU
I DON'T NEED EITHER OF YOU YOU'VE
CONTRIBUTED NOTHING
YOU'VE ADVISED ME TO DO NOTHING
YOU'VE SPOKEN TO ME IN RIDDLES
DAVIO
MR BEALE WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS
I APPRECIATE YOU POPPING UP HERE
TO RETRIEVE MY SOUL AND PROMISE ME ALL
OF THOSE NICE THINGS
BUT I'M GONNA HAVE TO POLITELY
DECLINE YOUR OFFER AND SOLIDIFY THAT
DECLINE
SO PLEASE I DEMAND
THAT YOU GET OUT OF MY FLAT AND DON'T
COME BACK
RIGHT NOW
OH I KNEW IT I KNEW IT
OH YEAH
GET OUT
SORRY SHOULD WE GET SOMETHING TO EAT
YEAH SURE
ARE YOU THINKING WELL IF WE GO TO
THAT PIZZA PLACE BECAUSE THEN WE NEED TO
GO TO FLAT 15 DOWN THE ROAD
YEAH YEAH NO IT IS IT'S PRETTY GOOD
PRICE
WELL WELL WELL I'M SURPRISED YOU GOT
THIS FAR
ARE ALL THE CREDITS
SO
YOU